Do you like to retreat, young people?
I love to retreat.
In case you do not notice that I am a kind of retreating man.
Put me in any
Realistic scenario,
I just will not know how to deal with it.
A clip of a professional handshake with the play of Conan.
It was terrible. The handshake was high up and then down
I did not want to do it again.
Hihihihi
But this is what makes me more submissive,
Because I understand submissiveness.
I explain the decline.
So without further ado, let's go to some of my favorite retreats
The TV version is fun
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
You really are tossing the barrel now, Felix, I'm deaf .... I love this because it's basically how all my introductions are
Haha ha ha ha ha
Hello and welcome, thank you, I never felt welcome to you this how natural it was
It became very chaotic and panic-stricken
Welcome and welcome to this section
I hope you guys are looking for .. Hehihihi I do not know what is the problem of retreating on television
It's just funny because it's like organic subservience
Do you know what I mean? I mean when this thing happened with Conan, you know, I know you see what I'm thinking. I'm planning for that
I'm like you .. Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's happening. Yes, I trust the editorial system that they will not pay attention to it
They will cut it. No, that's why we know it's good to have these beautiful moments
Well, this is here .. It's Fatai ðŸ‘ ..Marjali
ðŸ‘
Timeout 30 seconds on Richard Stadium You are on direct TV
You must give us 30
Again as a video I watched this section to get out in the morning so I can start my day and I can
The activity and get a great big catalytic boost just watch the man Richard does. Well, Richard, you can start to prefer
Come on, Richard, do it
Hello, Are you looking for someone who has more than?
From
Just focus on
Technique
You are looking for someone
Who has the
No
Oh no
Well, go tell us talking to me as if we were talking at dinner table Come on Richard
what do you have? What can you offer?
Come on Richard, please. Well reset again for a second. there is no problem. Well, come on again. And
Here is when all hope is lost
When the modified Frodo craves. When the Titanic sinks when that plane becomes, no, when all hope is lost
Richard the best 10 animations turned over the old time killed .. He returned and sat and killed by
1000% Well
I was looking for someone more than just an intelligent technology
Someone who has a customer focus and
He has an international experience and is a person who solves problems
And my analytical so far has common sense. Yes really. I am this person. I have something great
Customer
Concentrated skills and wonderful skills. I
I have a facility to take
Comprehensive ownership of the project
And design to do whatever it takes to accomplish the task
Wonderful, Richard, this is a very terrible section
Very happy for what happened to him, man
Richard is not submissive .. I just love the section
You know they say in the relationship what they do not do in public places they do at home. It's a bit more specific though
Hihihi
Great words Felix. I know ... while this passage is testimony to that and divine
It's probably one of the most painful battles I've ever seen on television
Thanks Mr. The President, thank you. Good morning to everyone and welcome to Joe's morning and Joe is back
Is not it nice to come back?
- We did a lot of battles around the issues. So it should be a good offer to know. - Oh no, oh, yes, we do not fight
No no do not do this
Oh, this is not. Here's not what you're doing, it's six and three minutes in the morning
Well, I can ask you a question
Everyone knows that you can not hold her hand at 6:03
Well, you can not do any gesture of love at 6:03 touching your hands might also give it a slap on
Her nose
I do not know
We are linked, I mean, that we have been linked for 13 hours
I love you
Do you think I can hold her hands?
No .. not in the hour
6:03 Not at 6:03 Everyone knows this can you calm down. I'll hold your hand
Oh my God, but there is a chance to love in the morning after the heat reaches 8 to 13 degrees super
So choose the first day of last month. Oh God, I am
Hahaha
Said this and I said before all else do not kiss me, I mean, what is the benefit?
Do not accept someone who is not your fiance or your girlfriend's husband on camera at all. Just do not do that. Just do not do that
Just do not do that. Okay. Just do not accept people just do not kiss anyone just do not want to kiss this guy
It was like knowing what?
To break this rule I will send $ #
You have one job
Well, you know how much shame you have to offer in order to shake hands. What do you think?
If I go for kissing, huh? What do you think is happening?
Hihihihi
Well, this video is awesome where it uh you are here
Hahihihaihaaha
I will only occupy it just a quarter of an hour. Yes, his phone rings and what does he do?
* Throwing Phone *
You love that
Yes, this is less surprising you can only wipe it so you should not throw the phone away Yal Christ
I love the sound
But
You love that
Enjoy your broken phone and your last job. Oh this is this one great man Mike craftsman
Speaks basically as I do
When it is not contagious
If you want to know how the unedited videos appear
It's basically such people trying to overcome the heat and try to stay calm and tomorrow
And people
This is you guys hope the video will be fun and
Tomorrow
Do not misunderstand me wrong. I do not kill these people really I just celebrated it. We are a group of retreating
We all know how it feels that I like this section because all you say is just cursed
Boring and this girl is copying in the background and only aware that
For the lottery that starts tomorrow
Open until Friday you will know UAA
Can I swap my cell phone with this? Picked from Tuesday to Thursday are now students who
Oh well I can not see her now
Where did you go
Everyone is welcome to subscribe directly from the newsroom Kara Minelli. Of WUFT News
It's like what's going on? I will be beautiful where will I be without you?
I am very pale
Today's snow
Very low, one to three inches of
Snowfall in Seattle and other areas
This is the kind of thing you know
I'll do it if I do this on the camera Brad and Brad 2 - will draw attention to it
So now if you make a mistake at any time in the foreground you usually know how to continue doing it and re-doing it
Instead, I have to stop recording and start over
Because of these trenches
These meanings
* He watches some things that get angry I'm serious *
This section is very strange, okay. If no one has a context behind this, please feel free to let us know
I do not know. What is its damned problem? I feel it. Look at her
what are you doing
I love to invite you Abe thank you. I can love it just what happened
What happened there? They are communicating
It's not about the record this morning, but frankly, I feel like it's broken
This is like the best song I play that song
I love to call you my father. Thank you
Anyway, this is the best song ever. I really enjoy it. I've got it, Dad
I love your calls to dad so his answer is so wonderful. It's not like it's strange. no she
Like oh .. thank you
I love to kiss you
They should work on the BBC
No
No, no, no, no not in a hidden place, this passage is
Too
Painful, I
You need a nuclear warning on this. This is not clear. Oh God, Christ. Well guys. are you ready?
I'm going to press run three two one .. do we get the picture for you and then it will be posted everywhere?
You will also be in your office. Yes, you may not think so
Well, that depends, you know, I have some time in the camera. Why not stop?
No, well, mother, oh
What is the problem of people, you know that people are talking about
Social issues like I do not happen and you see you see the news and it's there
It's hidden in the sight of everyone probably because I did not have an office job. Maybe this is the problem why say so?
You know, I have some time and a camera. Why not stop?
No, well, that's in the context of what some people think it is
Of bare pictures and he falls into the strangest problem ever. Camera with me!
I lost the connection ... some time from the camera. Why not stop?
Yes, I'll stop. what a hell
What do you think? Oh it is not as bad as the kiss .. This was a joke
Oh really ? We move to the weather .. I think you should stay home
Heehihihai
Yes, I like this section
Right. I have seen them all. I just show it to you because I love it. Okay
This man says a joke is a strange fanaticism and no one laughs
This makes it much worse
Oh my god, doctor
Well Charlie, I'll just hang out with our new friend here, "Pittina"
Oh really ? Go back to the weather oh yeah
I think you should stay at home
Or a room in the hotel or something a lot of events are going on here, oh Charlie
Probably most work
HAH
Let's look at the heat, oh my god
Oh, I've locked myself this time and I do not want to beat anyone else 69 degrees in ...
Oh, oh, ahhhhhhhh oh yeah this is one of the best events that may ever occur
Horrible joke Why and continue to work, my God I think these jokes are bad?
Shisha Shish. Uh, I need a minute I need a break
We have here Fatai. I can not even watch this. This will do the spoken words now and
Tell us what we are going to hear
Just a free art. It's just weird, you know every style I feel having humor there by the way, okay
ðŸŽµ Years ago, they tried it years ago. Just try to put me in it
ðŸŽµ Check this out .. See this for
Haha it's on the air
Come, yell, it's free art. Try to read something from your book. Yes, uh
I was wondering like definitely rappers have a kind of .. Come on give us a free art
They can only go to rhyme, right? They might write a song or something physical
That's what I'd do if I had a rapper because I'm just not wanting to end up like Mike here
Right. Guys . I make an effort not to look bleak. Here is an actual customer here ..
What kinds of fireworks do you like? Do not you want to know the weather you boy weather?
Where are your parents ?
Go back that the baby has been raised on a pure onion diet I can say that this is onions against soybeans
Show here. Do you want to know your boy weather?
Confirms his dominance
Immediately
The boy said that word like a thief and this boy reminds me of his old days in primary school for that
Is amazing .. this is just very good ... that's just very good
So they basically came to save this wanderer because they left a message in the sand and
You know the invitation to help through the stones, you know, the classic way and send help with it
Here are live footage of it being made by breaking news
They will be in a very good clip .. We have a hot atmosphere here I think what they wrote? * Send naked pictures please *
Send something please! * Send naked pictures please *
Are they hikers or what?
Praise be to Allaah, it is fine
Maybe someone sent her request in nude photos. What an absolute hero
We sent our team to send her naked pictures and it happened well
Everyone was happy. Relaxed by the heat of the atmosphere. It just solved all the problems
* Exposed on air *
I'll be watching the broadcast while singing Come on to the weather Are you kidding Are we on air now? .. Yeah ! What !!!
View Profile: * ÙØ¶Ø§ÙŠØ­ x ÙØ¶Ø§ÙŠØ­ *
I'll be watching the broadcast while singing Let's get to the weather
We have reached the stage before we start our stage now before the exercise. That's why they sing
Okay
This is all for me at the moment Limoni Leave the admiration that felt like getting back .. Leave the Lake ..........
Verify
Another video I
Click ...
Button and bell
Brad I know you will keep this and do not cut it well, I know you will keep this just cut this here * Brad 2 says no .. *